pines
what do you see on this picture?
a pine
an apex of a pine
on blue sky background
what kind of feelings did the author experience while painting this picture?
i don't know
what do you feel when looking at this picture?
what about this one?
what kind of feelings do you experience when looking at this picture?
that author liked to draw pines?
that's not feelings, that's just a stupid thought
well, if it's stupid, then stupid it is
and what about this one?
here are the pines again
they frame the background in semicircle
blue background
blue sky
and what for did you come here?
you don't understand anything about art
leave
ok, i will leave